 Calorie Tracker & BMR Calculator to Reach Your Goals | MyFitnessPal Reviews Apps Advertise With Us The world’s #1 nutrition tracking app Join over 280 million people on their journey to eat better, building lasting habits, and reach their goals.
Start for free HSA/FSA eligible if you qualify 5.5 Million 5-Star Reviews “Helped me get moving on my goals and tracking my weight loss and bodybuilding.” Jason L.
“Good for tracking calories and macros with a huge database of food.” Iain M.
“Friendly, easy-to-use app that keeps me accountable.” Dinah L.
“Can’t lose weight and stay on track without it.” Jennie S.
“Love this app.
It keeps me on track with my nutritional goals.” Annette B.
Nutrition tracking made effortless Get a coach in your corner Wondering what to eat next?
Your AI Nutrition Coach gives you personalized advice based on your diary and goals, all backed by our 20 years of expertise and nutritional data.
Snap a photo, log a meal Meal Scan uses your camera to recognize everything on your plate—then logs calories, macros, and portions in a flash.
Say it out loud Voice Log lets you simply tell the app what you ate.
No typing, no searching—just talk, review, and tap Log!
Manage your GLP-1 progress Log doses and side effects alongside your nutrition, to keep every part of your weight loss journey moving in the right direction.
Log doses and side effects alongside your nutrition, to keep every part of your weight loss journey in one place—and moving in the right direction.
Skip the search with a scan Barcode Scan gives you fast, accurate nutrition info on packaged foods, and lets you log it in seconds.
Compatible with 40+ apps and devices Sync steps, weight, workouts & more , and more Restaurant menus, home recipes, and everything in between Track a world of delicious foods—including menu items from popular restaurant brands and can’t-miss local hot spots—with calorie, macro & micronutrient data you can trust. 20.5M Foods 2K+ In-App Recipes 30+ Cuisines Nutrition tracking works.
“MyFitnessPal helped me gain muscle, get a 6-pack, and simply achieve all my body goals .” Synthia J.
“I was 307 lbs, and today I am 199 lbs.
I participated in a diabetes prevention program, learning how proper nutrition and exercise are essential .
That is when I began using MyFitnessPal.
I still use it everyday.” Larry S.
“Once I started focusing on providing my body with nutrition for the purpose of building strength, my body has completely changed.
More importantly, I'm feeling confident and empowered with who I am .” Brooke N.
“My biggest realization with MyFitnessPal was being able to understand the food I ate ... we don't need to jump on some diet fad, but understand our goals and adjust our calories and macros to achieve those goals.” Rohit S.
“The biggest realization is that I can do better.
It is actually possible to eat healthy, and the food can taste good.
MyFitnessPal helped me overhaul my habits .” Quincy D.
As seen in… Q&A Is MyFitnessPal a free calorie tracker app?
Yes!
If you're looking for a free calorie counter app, you're in the right place.
Simply sign up for your free account here and start tracking your food.
The MyFitnessPal app does a lot more than track calories in foods.
You can also track macros, vitamins, and other micronutrients and see how everything you eat supports your goals.
Want to level up your goals?
Upgrade to Premium!
Unlock MyFitnessPal's best tools (like Barcode Scan, Intermittent Fasting, and Custom Macro Goals).
If you've never upgraded to MyFitnessPal Premium or never started a Premium trial before, you are eligible for a 7-day free trial.
Start your free trial now.
The first Premium subscription charge on your credit card will be after the trial.
Once the trial ends, your subscription will auto-renew unless you cancel.
If you purchased a monthly subscription, you will be charged every month.
If you purchased an annual subscription, you will be charged every year.
You may cancel your recurring subscription at any time.
Cancel at least 24 hours before the next renewal date to avoid being charged for the upcoming billing cycle.
When you cancel, you are canceling the next billing charge—Premium features will remain available to you until the end of your current paid subscription period, regardless of when you cancel the automatic renewal.
How to track calories with a calorie counter app like MyFitnessPal?
If you want to know how many calories are in the foods you eat, or how many calories you eat each day, the MyFitnessPal app makes it easy.
Sign up for a free account and download the app.
Then you can quickly look up calories and nutrients for any food AND track it all to see the impact of food on your health and fitness goals.
Free members can do a simple food search from their app's home screen.
Premium members have access to other time-saving tools that allow you to scan a barcode or individual foods with your phone's camera to instantly identify the best match.
Learn more about Premium and try it free .
However you choose to look up calories for foods, MyFitnessPal gives you access to over 18 million global foods in one of the world's largest food databases — including fresh foods, packaged goods, restaurant items, and even foods and recipes you save yourself.
What nutrition data can I track besides calories?
MyFitnessPal isn't just a calorie tracking app.
We're a macro tracking app, a micronutrient tracking app, and a water tracking app — all in one!
(Not to mention the other goals you can track, including weight, exercise, steps, and intermittent fasting.) Simply log the foods you eat using one of our easy food tracking tools, and we'll show you a complete nutritional breakdown for each food, meal, day, and even week.
Any way you want to look at your data, you'll gain a better understanding of your personal nutrition so you can make smart choices that align with your weight, health, and fitness goals.
Does MyFitnessPal use a BMI calculator or BMR calculator to set goals?
Yes, MyFitnessPal uses a BMR calculator to help you set calorie goals.
During signup, you'll be asked questions about your height, weight, age, and sex to estimate your BMR (basal metabolic rate).
You can also estimate your own BMR with our BMR calculator .
The equation used to calculate BMR is called the Mifflin St.
Jeor equation* and it takes into account your typical activity level during the day to calculate your daily calorie needs.
Depending on your weight goals, we either add or subtract calories from your daily calorie needs (500 calories per pound of weight change per week desired).
To help you set safe weight goals during signup, we use a BMI calculator.
BMI is based on the ratio of your weight to your height, and we don't allow you to set weight goals below a certain ratio. *The Mifflin St.
Jeor equation is considered to be the best estimation of calorie needs compared to other equations, being able to get within 10% of your actual energy needs on average.
Can I track weight, workouts, water, or intermittent fasting?
Yes!
The best thing about MyFitnessPal is that it's an all-in-one app.
You don't need a separate intermittent fasting app, or different apps for water tracking, weight tracking, or fitness tracking.
All MyFitnessPal members can track their weight goals, exercise, and water intake alongside calories and nutrition.
MyFitnessPal Premium members have many additional features, including our NEW Intermittent Fasting Tracker.
Learn more about Premium and try it free .
If you do use other apps and fitness devices as part of your overall health and wellness goals, more than 40 apps and fitness devices connect to MyFitnessPal.
Automatically sync your steps, calorie burn, weight, and even sleep!
Connect to Apple Watch, Fitbit, Garmin, Samsung Health, Google Fit, Health Connect, smart scales, and many more.
Resources Premium Blog Community Contact Us Support Center Company About Us Careers Press Advertise With Us For Employers Nutrition tracking for real life.
Start Today ©2026 MyFitnessPal, Inc. | Community Guidelines | Feedback | Terms | Privacy | API | Cookie Preferences Start for free 