 Free Calorie Counter, Diet & Exercise Journal | MyFitnessPal Start Free Trial Features Pricing Compare Premium BEST VALUE Go further, faster with Premium + Customized weekly meal plans, faster logging, deeper insights—all in one place.
Start Free Trial Every step of your journey, simplified.
No more guessing what to eat for your goals—and no more stress logging it.
Premium + Meal Planner Save time and hit your goals with planned meals you’ll love to eat, week after week.
Grocery app syncing Generate shopping lists from your meal plan that can sync with grocery delivery apps. 1,500+ tasty recipes Never get bored with tons of recipes for every taste, goal, lifestyle, and meal of the day.
Easy barcode scanning Log food faster and more easily by scanning the barcode on the package.
Log meals with a photo Meal Scan lets you log your whole meal in a flash.
Just point, scan, and go.
Voice logging Too much typing?
Speak your foods and portion sizes for quick and easy logging!
Start Free Trial Premium Better for you and your budget Ditch the takeout and reduce food waste.
Win-win!
Choose your plan Annual Plan Save 67% $8.34 /mo. $99.99 billed annually Custom meal planner 1,500+ tasty recipes Budget-friendly options Automated grocery lists Plus: The full MyFitnessPal logging and tracking experience!
Start Free Trial Monthly Plan $24.99 /mo. billed monthly Custom meal planner 1,500+ tasty recipes Budget-friendly options Automated grocery lists Plus: The full MyFitnessPal logging and tracking experience!
Start Free Trial Don't need help with meal planning?
Check out our Premium plan, designed to help you log faster and stay on top of your nutrition goals with ease.
See Premium plan Compare Premium vs Premium + Reach your goals with all the benefits of Premium + for just ~ $0.28 per day.
Billed annually Premium Premium + Annual price $79.99 $6.67 /mo $99.99 $8.34 /mo Meal planner 1,500+ tasty, goal-friendly recipes Grocery app delivery syncing Automated ingredient lists Recipe and grocery list sharing Automatic meal plan logging Time and budget-friendly options Ad-free logging experience Barcode scan and meal scan Voice logging and multi-day logging Custom macros and goals Intermittent fasting tracker Download progress reports Priority customer support Start Free Trial Q&A Can I try Premium + for free first?
Yes!
If you've never used MyFitnessPal or if you've never redeemed a trial before, you are eligible for a 7-day free trial.
Start your free trial now.
The first Premium + subscription charge on your credit card will take place at the end of your trial unless you cancel before then.
You may cancel in the Settings menu, in the App Store or in Google Play, depending on where you signed up.
Once the trial ends, your subscription will auto-renew unless you cancel.
Cancel before the next renewal date to avoid being charged for the upcoming billing cycle.
If you purchased a monthly subscription, you will be charged every month.
If you purchased an annual subscription, you will be charged every year.
You may cancel your recurring subscription at any time.
When you cancel, you are canceling the next billing charge—Premium + features will remain available to you until the end of your current paid subscription period.
Can I easily log meals from my plan in MyFitnessPal?
Yes!
Meal Planner was specifically designed to fit seamlessly into the MyFitnessPal experience.
You can easily log your planned meals to your MyFitnessPal food diary to keep track of your daily macros and calories.
What types of diets does Meal Planner support?
We offer meal plans based on 10 different diet preferences including: low-carb, vegetarian, paleo, balanced, pescatarian, flexitarian, keto, Mediterranean, whole-food focus, and vegan.
In which countries is Meal Planner available?
Meal Planner is currently available in the following countries: United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, and Australia.
Integrations with grocery apps are currently available in the U.S. only.
Where can I find Meal Planner?
You can find Meal Planner by downloading the MyFitnessPal app and heading to the "Plan" tab at the bottom of your home screen.
What grocery apps connect to Meal Planner?
MyFitnessPal Premium + users in certain countries may be able to sync their Meal Planner grocery list to one or more of the following shopping apps: iOS: Instacart, Walmart, Kroger, Amazon Fresh, Whole Foods Android: Instacart, Walmart We will update this list as more grocery integrations become available.
Start Free Trial English Deutsch Español Français Português (Brasil) Italiano Norsk Nederlands Pусский Svensk Dansk 한국어 日本語 中文(简体) 中文(台灣) Resources Premium Blog Community Contact Us Support Center Company About Us Careers Press Advertise With Us For Employers Nutrition tracking for real life.
Start Free Trial ©2026 MyFitnessPal, Inc. | Community Guidelines | Feedback | Terms | Privacy | API | Cookie Preferences 