 Introducing Oura Advisor: Your AI-Powered Personal Health Companion - The Pulse Blog English Čeština Dansk Nederlands Suomi Français Deutsch Italiano 日本語 Norsk Español Svenska العربية Ελληνικά עברית हिन्दी Magyar 한국어 Polski 繁體中文 Português 简体中文 Shop Now × THE PULSE Blog Meet Oura Oura 101 Oura in Research Inside the Ring News Sleep Sleep Basics Sleep Benefits Sleep Tips Sleep Positions Health HRV Women’s Health Mental Health & Stress Heart Health Activity & Movement Longevity Metabolic Health Illness Community Member Spotlights Member Tips Data Stories For Organizations Articles Case Studies White Papers Profiles Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Accessibility We are constantly publishing more blog articles in your language.
X Shop Health Features Experience For Organizations Shop --> There are no items in your cart Menu Close Oura Ring 5 Oura Ring 5 Charging Case Oura Ring 4 Oura Ring 4 Ceramic Oura Ring 4 Charging Case Stelo Glucose Biosensor Gift cards --> Extra Charger --> Shop all products --> Shop all products Why Oura Science and Research Sleep and Rest Women's Health Stress Heart Health Activity and Movement Metabolic Health How It Works Oura Membership Sizing Guide Integrations Oura Member Care THE PULSE Blog Meet Oura Oura 101 Oura in Research Inside the Ring News Sleep Sleep Basics Sleep Benefits Sleep Tips Sleep Positions Health HRV Women’s Health Mental Health & Stress Heart Health Activity & Movement Longevity Metabolic Health Illness Community Member Spotlights Member Tips Data Stories For Organizations Articles Case Studies White Papers Profiles English Čeština Dansk Nederlands Suomi Français Deutsch Italiano 日本語 Norsk Español Svenska العربية Ελληνικά עברית हिन्दी Magyar 한국어 Polski 繁體中文 Português 简体中文 THE PULSE Blog --> Featured Articles Meet Oura Human-Led at Scale: How Oura Is Redefining Customer Experience in the AI Era John Moses August 25, 2026 Meet Oura The Science Behind Consumer Wearable Sleep Technology, According to a Sleep Scientist Massimiliano de Zambotti, PhD August 23, 2026 Meet Oura Standing Behind Our Science: How Oura Measures Sleep and Validates Accuracy Oura Team August 23, 2026 News Oura Welcomes Sanjay Chandra as Chief Information Officer and Han Chiu as SVP of AI and Software Engineering Oura Team August 20, 2026 Meet Oura Introducing Oura Advisor: Your AI-Powered Personal Health Companion Author: Oura Team March 31, 2025 Powered by cutting-edge artificial intelligence (AI), Oura Advisor transforms your Oura insights into actionable, personalized guidance.
With Advisor, you can dive deep into your long-term health trends, visualize your Sleep, Activity, Readiness and Resilience data with graphs and charts, and create plans to reach your unique health goals.
Advisor provides personalized responses about your specific Oura data related to Sleep, Activity, Readiness, and Resilience.
Additionally, in April 2026, we introduced our first-ever proprietary large language model designed for women’s health within the Oura Advisor experience.
This LLM draws from a broad foundation of established medical standards, research, and knowledge sources reviewed by Oura’s in-house team of board-certified clinicians and women’s health experts, and integrates biometric signals and long-term trends to deliver personalized, evidence-based guidance.
Stay tuned as we develop more advanced forms of Advisor intelligence across all Oura features in the near future.
AI-Powered Guidance With a Human Touch “Advisor is your in-app health and wellbeing assistant,” says Johanna Still, UX Writing Manager and Head of Insights at Oura.
“It helps make sense of your data—whether it’s your sleep, activity, or recovery trends—by providing context and insights that go beyond the numbers.” Oura Advisor is a state-of-the-art, large language model (LLM)-powered assistant that allows you to interact with Oura in a new and different way.
It’s designed to provide useful, personalized, and contextual guidance, utilizing your own short- and long-term data, manual inputs, and previous interactions.
Oura’s strength lies in transforming your personal data into clear, actionable insights that lead to better health—and Advisor takes this to the next level.
Wondering why your Readiness Score has been dipping?
Want practical tips to optimize your sleep ?
Seeking strategies to boost your Resilience ?
Ask Advisor.
It’s like having a health expert at your fingertips, ready to answer your questions and provide personalized guidance.
You can customize Advisor’s tone, choosing between “conversational” (a supportive, encouraging voice) or “direct” (a more goal-oriented, accountability-driven approach), as well as the frequency of check-ins.
Note: Like all current LLM-based assistants, Advisor can make mistakes and is still growing in its knowledge.
Oura Labs Feedback & Results We are grateful to the members who tested Advisor in Oura Labs and provided feedback, which enabled our product, science, and engineering teams to further refine the conversational experience.
During testing, more than one million messages were sent to Advisor, with 60% of members using Advisor at least once per week.
Members most frequently discussed sleep and recovery (75%), followed by stress and resilience (57%) and activity and workouts (45%).* The majority (83%) of members found Advisor’s answers to be reliable, and 60% agreed that Advisor helped them understand metrics or concepts they didn’t grasp before as well.
Over half reported that it helped turn insights into actions that had tangible benefits for their health.
RELATED: Advisor in Action: How to Use Oura Advisor Oura Advisor Features After listening to and implementing member feedback during testing in Oura Labs, we developed several new Advisor features as part of this full launch.
Multiple Points of Accessibility You can start a conversation with Advisor through several touchpoints in the app, including the + function and menu on the Today tab.
In addition, you’ll be invited to dive into your data directly from your Readiness insight messages.
Data Visualization As members tested the feature, the top two feature requests were direct integration of Oura data graphs and visualization of longer-term trends.
Now, Oura Advisor can directly show your Oura data, with further analysis, so you can better understand short and long-term health patterns in visual chart format.
Topic Generation Need a nudge?
Advisor now has pre-written prompts you can choose from, making it easier to engage with Advisor and explore different areas of your health.
A Note on Privacy Your privacy is in your control.
If you choose to use Oura Advisor, it will access data around your sleep, activity, readiness and stress to personalize your coaching experience.
This data helps Oura understand your behaviors and preferences, adapting Advisor’s interactions accordingly.
Remember that Advisor does not share private health information or conversations with any other parties.
If you would like Advisor to provide guidance and tips unique to your health and wellness behaviors and goals, you can share information that will be stored as a “Memory.” For instance, if you tell Advisor you’re recovering from knee surgery, it will keep this in mind when delivering insights and guidance across Sleep, Activity, Recovery, and more.
At any time, visit Settings within the Oura App menu to review all of the Memories your Advisor has stored based on your Oura data and what you’ve shared in conversation.
From there, you can delete any stored Memories if the Memory is not relevant anymore, if you don’t want your tips and guidance tied to it, or if you want more privacy.
For more information on how Oura handles your data and what you can do to manage your health data, visit Oura’s Privacy Policy . *Based on a survey of 3,655 Oura Labs testers Oura Team March 31, 2025 Featured Articles Meet Oura Human-Led at Scale: How Oura Is Redefining Customer Experience in the AI Era John Moses August 25, 2026 Meet Oura The Science Behind Consumer Wearable Sleep Technology, According to a Sleep Scientist Massimiliano de Zambotti, PhD August 23, 2026 Meet Oura Standing Behind Our Science: How Oura Measures Sleep and Validates Accuracy Oura Team August 23, 2026 News Oura Welcomes Sanjay Chandra as Chief Information Officer and Han Chiu as SVP of AI and Software Engineering Oura Team August 20, 2026 Recent Posts Human-Led at Scale: How Oura Is Redefining Customer Experience in the AI Era The Science Behind Consumer Wearable Sleep Technology, According to a Sleep Scientist Standing Behind Our Science: How Oura Measures Sleep and Validates Accuracy Oura Welcomes Sanjay Chandra as Chief Information Officer and Han Chiu as SVP of AI and Software Engineering Join the Community Shop Now HSA/FSA Eligible Affirm Instant Checkout Major Cards Accepted Receive articles, tips, and offers from Oura We care about protecting your data.
Read more in our Privacy Policy .
We care about protecting your data.
Read more in our Privacy Policy .
Our Company About Us Leadership Clinical and Science Experts Careers Newsroom Support Oura Member Care Sizing Recycling Program Flexible Spending Heart Rate Monitoring My Account Oura on the Web Contact Partner With Us For Organizations Developers Connect The Pulse Blog Facebook Instagram Pinterest TikTok X YouTube Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Accessibility FCC Compliance IP Notice Security Center © 2026 Oura Health Oy.
All rights reserved. ŌURA, OURA, and Ō are trademarks of Oura Health Oy and may not be used without permission.
English Fermer Fermer Language preference English Čeština Dansk Nederlands Suomi Français Deutsch Italiano 日本語 Norsk Español Svenska العربية Ελληνικά עברית हिन्दी Magyar 한국어 Polski 繁體中文 Português 简体中文 