 --> --> --> --> Samsung Health | Apps & Services | Samsung US --> --> --> --> 붙이던 부분 삭제함 필요시 search/를 붙여서 사용--> runmodeInfo 이름 변경--> Skip to content close Choose your location and language.
USA / ENGLISH USA / English Other Countries Continue Close Welcome to the !
Please enjoy our special offers for you MY BENEFITS SPECIAL OFFERS Search Search Cart Number of Products : Sign in Open My Menu Navigation global navigation bar Back Search SHOP BY CATEGORY Shop Explore Shop Shop Shop Galaxy Z Fold8 NEW Galaxy Z Fold8 Ultra NEW Galaxy Z Flip8 NEW Galaxy Watch Ultra2 NEW Galaxy S26 Ultra Galaxy Tab S11 Series Micro RGB The Frame Pro WiFi Speakers Odyssey Neo G9 Curved Monitor Bespoke with AI Family Hub™+ Bespoke AI Vented Laundry Combo™ Bespoke Slide-in Gas Range Bespoke Smart 3rd Rack Dishwasher Discover Buy Direct Get More Back to School AI Living SmartThings Samsung Rewards Samsung Offer Programs Samsung Experience Stores Spider-Man: Brand New Day Samsung Galaxy Card Carrier Deals on Samsung.com Mobile Mobile Mobile Galaxy Smartphones NEW Galaxy Watch NEW Galaxy Tab Galaxy Book Galaxy Buds Galaxy Ring Galaxy XR Galaxy Accessories NEW Certified Re-Newed Discover All about Galaxy Galaxy AI Find Your Galaxy Switch To Galaxy One UI Samsung Health Apps & Service Samsung Trade-In Samsung Care+ Carrier Deals on Samsung.com TV & AV TV & AV TV & AV Micro RGB OLED Neo QLED Mini LED Crystal UHD The Frame The Movingstyle The Terrace Sound Devices WiFi Speakers Projectors TV Accessories Audio Accessories QLED Discover Samsung Vision AI Why Micro RGB Why OLED TVs Why The Frame TVs MICRO LED TV Buying Guide Soundbar Buying Guide TV & Audio Offers Appliances Appliances Appliances Appliance Packages Refrigerators Wall Ovens Ranges Cooktops Hoods Microwaves Dishwashers Washers Dryers Vacuums Appliance Accessories Cooling & Heating Discover 2026 Bespoke Appliances Bespoke AI SmartThings for Appliances Why Samsung Appliances Home Appliance Buying Guides Explore Refrigerators Explore Laundry Appliance Offers Computers & Monitors Computers & Monitors Computers & Monitors Galaxy Book & Laptop Odyssey Gaming Monitors ViewFinity High Resolution Monitors Smart Monitors Ultra-Wide Monitors The Movingstyle Essential Monitors Memory & Storage Displays for Business Discover Copilot+ PCs Back to School gamescom 2026 Upgrade to Windows 11 Monitor Offers Memory Gaming Why Samsung Monitors Why Odyssey Gaming Monitor Monitor Buying Guide Wearables Wearables Wearables Galaxy Watch NEW Galaxy Buds Galaxy Ring Galaxy XR Discover Samsung Health Galaxy AI Apps & Service Why Galaxy Switch To Galaxy Samsung Trade-In Audio Audio Audio Galaxy Buds JBL Headphones JBL Gaming Headsets JBL Portable Speakers Sound Devices Party Speakers Accessories Accessories Accessories Galaxy Smartphone Accessories NEW Galaxy Tab Accessories Galaxy Watch Accessories NEW Galaxy Buds Accessories SmartTag TV Accessories Audio Accessories Projector Accessories Refrigerator Accessories Vacuum Cleaner Accessories Washer & Dryer Accessories Support Support Support Support Support Home Manuals & Software Register A Product Samsung Care Contact Contact Chat with us Order Help Product Help Repair Services Repair Services Warranty Information Find A Service Center Request A Repair Cracked Screen Repair Check Repair Status Additional Support Additional Support Community Samsung Care+ Samsung Care+ Mobile Self Repair Program Order Help Product Help Request A Repair Register A Product For Business Sign in/Create Account Exclusive Benefits with a Samsung Account Open My Menu Exclusive Benefits with a Samsung Account Search Search Cart Number of Products : Sign in/Create Account Sign in/Create Account Exclusive Benefits with a Samsung Account Track your orders Business account Open My Menu Exclusive Benefits with a Samsung Account My Orders My Page & Products My Rewards Product Registration Samsung Account Log Out Close menu Your cart is empty.
OK Layer Popup Close Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart.
OK Layer Popup Close Remove a Product Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed.
Are you sure to remove this product?
Move to wish list Delete Layer Popup Close Check Preferences Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences.
YES LATER Close Check Preferences Search Form Clear Scan Barcode NO SUGGESTIONS AI Suggested Searches Suggested Searches POPULAR SEARCHES RECENT SEARCHES RELATED PRODUCTS RECOMMENDED Close Samsung health Samsung Health Activity Sleep Nutrition Mindfulness Vitals More FAQ Bring your health into focus with a connected view of activity, sleep, nutrition, mindfulness and vitals.
Understand your body better with clear insights and personalized guidance that help build healthier habits — keeping you informed and in tune with your everyday wellness.
See what's new One personalized score to know your heart better 1,2 Jump to Vitals Four cardiovascular prevention indicators are displayed: 7-day sleep time average is Attention, 7-day moderate to vigorous activity is Fair, Vascular load is Excellent, BMI is Good.
The indicators change into icons that represent the level of Heart Health Score.
The icons move off-screen, leaving only the Excellent Heart Health Score icon and the Heart Health Score GUI flies into the centre.
The score increases from 0 to 94 and becomes Excellent.
The Excellent icon is joined by other icons to create a line graph that turn into the app UI, showing a Heart health score 7 day trend.
Your body speaks while you sleep.
Listen with Vitals. 3 Jump to Vitals A heart rate icon, representing sleep vital signs, appears.
To the right of this icon, icons for heart rate variability, respiratory rate, skin temperature and oxygen saturation also appear.
The icons change into bar graphs.
A bed icon and moon icon appear to indicate that vital signals are also tracked during sleep.
The bar graphs reappear and the text Vitals, 2 out of range appears at the top.
Galaxy Watch9 appears and the information is placed onscreen.
Know your fitness level.
Own your progress.
Jump to Activity A person icon appears and runs.
Then, a person icon appears and swims.
Another person icon appears and lifts weight.
A person icon appears, playing soccer.
Lastly, a person icon cycles around a pentagon shape.
The pentagon shape turns into the Fitness Index radar chart.
Through the chart, the user can compare the Current and Target index.
The user can also see the Average fitness score.
Train.
Recover.
Track both.
Jump to Activity Text Daily Cardio Load, Under target at the top.
Text at the top changes to Optimal.
Text at the top changes to Over target.
Text at the top changes to Rest needed.
A moon icon appears.
Daily cardio load UI screen appears, showing the Optimal level of daily cardio load with Today's progress and target range at 35%.
Previous Next Activity See your progress clearly, anytime Activity levels are easier to understand when you keep track of your performance with Samsung Health.
Monitor your progress, identify areas that need more attention and stay motivated as you move forward each day toward a healthier lifestyle.
Try now Previous Fitness Index Know your fitness level.
Own your progress. show more card open Fitness Index Know your fitness level.
Own your progress.
Fitness Index ⁴ keeps you motivated by showing you where you stand.
Get a fitness score that reflects your overall performance based on 5 key metrics: VO2Max, BIA, heart rate, 27 steps and activity data.
Fitness Index also recommends content tailored to your goals and physical capabilities. show more card open Trail Run Off-grid.
On track. show more card open Trail Run Off-grid.
On track.
Run at your own pace with guidance from Trail Run. 5 Mountain trails are unpredictable by nature.
Trail run keeps you informed about hills, descents, remaining distance and more.
Upload a GPX file and follows the route with real-time directions that help you stay on track and adjust your effort as terrain changes.
It also gives you personalized hydration alerts. 6 show more card open Daily Cardio Load Train.
Recover.
Track both. show more card open Daily Cardio Load Train.
Recover.
Track both.
Daily Cardio Load gives you a clear view of your current strain and recovery.
Daily Cardio Load tracks daily training load, including workouts and activities that reach heart rate zone 3 or higher.
Based on this data, Daily Cardio Load provides simple guidance on whether to push harder or take a rest. 16 show more card open Running Coach Coaching for the long run. show more card open Running Coach Coaching for the long run.
Running Coach⁷ provides a personalized training program to help you run more effectively.
Running Coach helps evaluate your running capacity and creates a tailored training plan based on your exercise data. show more card open Cycling Ride Smart.
Carry less. show more card open Cycling Ride Smart.
Carry less.
Take your cycling skills to the next level.
Set up your own route by importing a pre-set file in GPX format to your Galaxy Watch and connect a power meter to your smartphone to measure your Functional Threshold Power (FTP).
Now you're all set — pedal your way to maximum performance and check your progress on Samsung Health.⁸ show more card open Swimming Track your strokes for faster records show more card open Swimming Track your strokes for faster records Get optimal results by keeping an eye on your swimming data.
Your swimming stroke and swim split time are automatically measured as well as your average pace, average speed and more.
With this extensive data, get a comprehensive analysis of your workout.
It'll help you be ready for advanced-level swims in a flash.⁹ show more card open Others Work out on your own terms show more card open Others Work out on your own terms Achieve fitness goals efficiently.
Choose from 100+ workouts to create your Routine Workout and unlock badges as you reach milestones.
Tap the Fitness tab to enjoy various fitness-related content.
Plus, with Galaxy Watch or Ring, auto-track select workouts like running without pressing the start button. ¹⁰ show more card open Indicator 1 Next Close How to take running to the next level Learn how Running program can help you train your runs and stay on the right track, even during trail runs.
How to take running to the next level | Galaxy Watch Ultra2 | Samsung: Play video How to take running to the next level | Galaxy Watch Ultra2 | Samsung: Video Close Close How to find balance in your training Learn how Fitness insights guide you to rest and workout for maximum results, based on your physical capabilities.
How to find balance in your training | Galaxy Watch Ultra2 | Samsung: Play video How to find balance in your training | Galaxy Watch Ultra2 | Samsung: Video Close Close Premium personal training, on us New qualifying Galaxy Watch ш , Buds ∆ and smartphone ҂ owners get trainer-led workouts with up to 3 months of iFIT on Samsung Health.
Learn more Sleep Tomorrow is built tonight Wonder why you're tired, even after hours of sleep?
Check your sleep habits with Galaxy Watch or Ring.
Track your sleep data and receive personalized Sleep Coaching for better days and nights. 11 Try now Previous Bedtime Guidance Discover your optimal bedtime show more card open Bedtime Guidance Discover your optimal bedtime Use sleep data to find an optimal bedtime for you.
When it's time to wind down, you'll receive guidance according to your personalized sleep schedule.¹² show more card open Sleep Insight Gather data for detailed sleep insights show more card open Sleep Insight Gather data for detailed sleep insights Get better sleep by understanding your sleep patterns in detail.
Track the time you spend in each sleep stage, along with your heart rate, movement and breathing using you Galaxy Watch or Ring.
Receive detailed reports on sleep quality and patterns, plus a score that lets you assess your rest and make informed changes for better recovery. show more card open Sleep Coaching Get Sleep Coaching tailored to your needs¹³ show more card open Sleep Coaching Get Sleep Coaching tailored to your needs¹³ Gather your sleep data to receive Sleep Coaching.
Wear your Galaxy Watch or Ring to sleep for a week and discover your Sleep type.
Based on your sleep animal, Samsung Health recommends a custom Sleep Coaching program.
Follow your personalized sleep program to foster healthy habits to get a better night's rest. show more card open Energy Score Achieve your best every day with Energy Score¹⁴ show more card open Energy Score Achieve your best every day with Energy Score¹⁴ Know your daily readiness with Energy Score.
Based on at least the previous day's activities and sleep, you'll receive your Energy Score the next day.
If it's lower than expected, check tips for customized advice on where to focus.
Aim for a higher Energy Score each day. show more card open Sleep Apnea Detect moderate to severe sleep apnea¹⁵ show more card open Sleep Apnea Detect moderate to severe sleep apnea¹⁵ Sleep deeper, knowing you're in good hands.
With FDA-cleared sleep apnea risk detection, detect signs of moderate to severe sleep apnea by looking for oxygen saturation dips overnight with Galaxy Watch.
In the morning, review the details on the Samsung Health Monitor app. show more card open Indicator 1 Next Close How to sleep for a better tomorrow Learn how to build lasting habits for better sleep quality through AI-powered insights and tailored guidance.
How to sleep for a better tomorrow | Galaxy Watch9 | Samsung: Play video How to sleep for a better tomorrow | Galaxy Watch9 | Samsung: Video Close Close Nutrition Age well through better nutrition Along with exercise and good sleep habits, a healthy diet is key for your health.
Manage your dietary habits with Samsung Health to live life to the fullest.
Try now Previous Antioxidant Index Measure your health from inside out show more card open Antioxidant Index Measure your health from inside out Measure your antioxidant levels in five seconds with just your finger and your Galaxy Watch, and receive guidance on how to potentially improve your levels.¹⁶ show more card open AGEs index Monitor metabolic health by checking AGEs index show more card open AGEs index Monitor metabolic health by checking AGEs index Maintain a low Advanced Glycation End-products (AGEs) index to help maintain your metabolism.
AGEs cause inflammation that can lead to various diseases, which is why following a diet with low-glycemic food is important.¹⁷ show more card open Food Tracker Keep logs and stick to a balanced diet show more card open Food Tracker Keep logs and stick to a balanced diet Build healthier eating habits by tracking your meals.
Check your calorie and nutrient intake to optimize your nutrition, and see how your smart choices can boost your metabolic health.
Just scan and get available nutritional info. show more card open Body Composition Monitor health with Body Composition show more card open Body Composition Monitor health with Body Composition Gain a better understanding of your body.
With Galaxy Watch, you can monitor your weight, body fat and skeletal muscle regularly using just your finger and check that they're at adequate levels.
Plus, set goals and receive motivational messages to help you stay on track.¹⁸ show more card open Indicator 1 Next Close Mindfulness Practice mindfulness for sound body Holistic wellness starts with balancing mind and body.
Samsung Health helps you understand your mood and stress levels and unwind through guided breathing exercises and meditation.
Check in daily to stay grounded and support your overall well-being.
Try now Previous Mindfulness Tracker Stay focused with Mindfulness Tracker show more card open Mindfulness Tracker Stay focused with Mindfulness Tracker Feel more clear and balanced throughout your day.
Log your mood and track changes in a simple dashboard to better understand your emotional patterns over time.
Use breathing exercises and meditation to reduce stress and regain focus. show more card open Stress Monitor your stress and make progress show more card open Stress Monitor your stress and make progress View your daily stress pattern to manage your mental health.
Find out if you are stressed and if you feel overwhelmed, take deep breaths with Breathing to help you relax and stay calm. show more card open Meditation Seek peace and quiet with meditation show more card open Meditation Seek peace and quiet with meditation Find emotional balance with relaxation techniques.
Whether you're feeling a bit anxious or wanting to wind down for the night, listen to the right Calm content to fully relax.
Ease your mind with soothing Meditation, Sleep stories and Music. show more card open Indicator 1 Next Close Vitals A picture of your heart health Observe heart activities for overall health with Galaxy Watch.
Then, Samsung Health Monitor along with Samsung Health will provide valuable insights.
Try now Previous Heart Health One personalized score to know your heart better show more card open Heart Health One personalized score to know your heart better Designed to help you understand your heart health, Heart Health Score gives you a view of your heart health and actionable steps to improve it.
By tracking patterns over a week or more, you receive a personalized score based on sleep, activity and BMI.
Use your score to identify areas for improvement and establish healthier routines. show more card open Vitals Your body speaks while you sleep.
Listen with Vitals. show more card open Vitals Your body speaks while you sleep.
Listen with Vitals.
Vitals helps track key health metrics (heart rate, heart rate variability, blood oxygen, respiratory rate and skin temperature) to detect subtle changes and show what they may signal about your health.
This lets you see a clearer picture of your body whether during busy workdays or moments of rest. show more card open Blood Pressure Trend Start your day with a blood pressure estimate show more card open Blood Pressure Trend Start your day with a blood pressure estimate Tracking your blood pressure can help you live a heart-healthy lifestyle.
Use your Galaxy Watch to get an estimate of your morning blood pressure.
Calibrate your Galaxy Watch with a blood pressure cuff (sold separately).
Once it’s calibrated, just wear your watch while you sleep.
You’ll see an estimate of your blood pressure when you wake up. 19,20 show more card open Heart Rate Keep a lookout on your heart's activity show more card open Heart Rate Keep a lookout on your heart's activity Keep a close eye on your heart rate with Galaxy Watch or Ring.
Set your wearable devices to record your heart rate while you're asleep, so you can rest peacefully throughout the night. show more card open ECG/IHRN Check for abnormal heart rhythms show more card open ECG/IHRN Check for abnormal heart rhythms Stay up-to-date on your heart's condition by monitoring your heart rate for readings that may seem unusual.
If an irregularity, such as atrial fibrillation (AFib), is detected, the Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification (IHRN) will send a notification and prompt you to take an electrocardiogram (ECG) to assess your heart rhythm in depth. 21 show more card open Indicator 1 Next Close How to monitor your body signals with Vitals Learn how Vitals can help you stay on top of your health by tracking key health metrics, informing you of unusual changes.
Galaxy Watch9 with Vitals feature onscreen.: Play video Galaxy Watch9 with Vitals feature onscreen.: Video Close Close Medication Management Worry less about keeping track of different medications.
Easily make a medication list, get reminders to take your pills and read detailed information about the drugs — all on Samsung Health. 22 Previous Reminder Stick to your medication schedule effortlessly show more card open Reminder Stick to your medication schedule effortlessly Manage your medication plans easily.
Create a medication list and add your medications to receive timely reminders.
Plus, get an overview of your entire medication progress on a simple dashboard. show more card open Drug Interactions Be aware of drug interactions show more card open Drug Interactions Be aware of drug interactions Stay informed about the interactions your medications may have.
Get drug descriptions, details of potential side effects and warnings on drug interactions or food-related reactions. show more card open Prescription Scanning Organize your medication plan in a snap show more card open Prescription Scanning Organize your medication plan in a snap Enter your medication info.
Simply scan your select prescription or pill bottles with your smartphone camera to make a well-organized list of your medications.
Now, you can share your medication list with healthcare providers to accurately inform them of your current medications in emergency situations. show more card open Indicator 1 Next Close More Samsung Health features Check out more features provided by Samsung Health that will support your healthcare journey.
Previous Hearing Health Keep hearing health in check show more card open Hearing Health Keep hearing health in check Keep track of volume exposure to protect your hearing health. 28 show more card open Cycle Tracking Help plan ahead show more card open Cycle Tracking Help plan ahead Monitor changes in your skin temperature during sleep to manage your cycles.
Galaxy Watch or Ring measures the temperature and the adapted fertility algorithm detects fluctuations. 23 show more card open Together Motivate each other with Together show more card open Together Motivate each other with Together Enjoy a friendly competition with your buddies who have compatible devices.
Add your friends by contact and create a group challenge to walk a certain number of steps.
Use the message board to chat and make the workout more fun and engaging.
Plus, join monthly global challenges and compete with other Samsung Health users around the world. 24 show more card open Weekly Report Track your weekly progress show more card open Weekly Report Track your weekly progress View organized stats of your health journey every week with Weekly Report.
Check your weekly data on Energy Score, sleep, exercise, daily steps, food intake and body composition through a comprehensive report to see how much progress you've made.
Compare the results by week, month and year to see how far you've come in becoming a better version of yourself. show more card open Health Data Sharing Share and care for your loved ones show more card open Health Data Sharing Share and care for your loved ones Look over the well-being of your friends and family with Health Data Sharing.
Share health-related data with a close group of people — from daily step counts to exercise, sleep and body composition.
All info is kept safe with routine security checks and you can stop sharing data at any time.
Review everyone's progress to keep the people you care about happy and healthy. 25 show more card open Personal Health Records See your health records in one place show more card open Personal Health Records See your health records in one place Get a comprehensive overview of your medical records.
Personal Health Records feature on Samsung Health lets you download medical records from various hospitals and stores them safely and securely within the app.
You can also receive personalized insights and recommendations tailored to your healthcare needs. 25 show more card open Indicator 1 Next Close Get the app Download the Samsung Health app now.
Google Play Galaxy Store Build your ultimate tracking team Bundle Galaxy Watch and Buds with Galaxy smartphones to save big on the best workout buddies.
Shop offers Activity Sleep Nutrition Mindfulness Vitals Previous Galaxy Watch Ultra2 Record workouts Log your entire exercise routine to keep an accurate track of your fitness journey.
Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra2 Marine Band Water-resistant Watch band Dive right in with Marine Band that's designed to dry quickly.
Marine Waterproof Galaxy Watch Ultra2 Strap Galaxy Z Fold8 Ultra Check your progress Review your post-workout results and strive to break records.
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold8 Ultra Next play Indicator 1 Close Close Close Previous Galaxy Watch9 Sleep data on your wrist Monitor your sleep, view insights and get tips.
Samsung Galaxy Watch9 Fabric Band Track sleep in comfort Swap to the soft Fabric Band for more restorative rest.
Samsung Galaxy Watch9 Fabric Band Galaxy Z Fold8 Complete a restful sleep Dive deep into sleep data and insights.
Galaxy Z Fold8 Next play Indicator 1 Close Close Close Previous Galaxy Watch8 Classic Track nutritional wellness Log your meals to get a clear view of your nutrition and its impact on your metabolic health.
Samsung Galaxy Watch8 Classic Galaxy S26 Ultra Record your metabolic data Track food intake, monitor body composition and learn how a low-glycemic diet supports your well-being.
Galaxy S26 Ultra Galaxy Z Flip8 Understand your AGEs index Measure your AGEs index as you sleep and access detailed insights.
Galaxy Z Flip8 Next play Indicator 1 Close Close Close Previous Galaxy Buds4 Pro Immerse into meditation Activate ANC to fully focus on true peace and quiet.
Samsung Galaxy Bud4 Pro Galaxy Watch9 Take deep breaths to relax Practice breathing exercises to relieve your stress.
Samsung Galaxy Watch9 Galaxy S26 Monitor stress regularly Keep track of your stress levels daily.
Samsung Galaxy S26 & S26 Plus Next play Indicator 1 Close Close Close Previous Galaxy Watch9 Heart health on your wrist Check your heart rate during workouts and when you're resting.
Samsung Galaxy Watch8 Classic Sport Band Comfortable all-day tracking Monitor your health with Watch bands that are fit for everyday wear.
Galaxy Watch9 Sport Band Galaxy Ring Heart wellness on a finger Comfortably track your heart health throughout the day.
Samsung Galaxy Ring Next play Indicator 1 Close Close Close Health Partnerships Samsung partners with companies and research institutions worldwide to provide health monitoring features, helping people gain detailed information on their overall well-being.
Partner with us Your health data is stored safely with Samsung Knox Frequently Asked Questions All Samsung Health Sleep Activity Nutrition Heart Health Connectivity What is Samsung Health?
Samsung Health is a comprehensive health and fitness platform, intended for general wellness purposes.
It helps track your activity, sleep, diet and stress levels, and provides personalized insights to help you achieve your wellness goals. ...omitted... --> Is Samsung Health app available for free?
Yes, Samsung Health app can be downloaded for free on the Google Play Store.
You can download it on smartphones from different manufacturers, such as other Android smartphones, Google phones and iPhones.
Availability of certain services may vary depending on the OS and device model. ...omitted... --> How to download Samsung Health Monitor app?
To help monitor advanced vital signs such as ECG and moderate to severe sleep apnea, you need to install Samsung Health Monitor app on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone.
After pairing your Galaxy Watch with your Samsung Galaxy smartphone, access ECG or sleep apnea risk detection feature on your Galaxy Watch.
Your smartphone will start downloading Samsung Health Monitor app from Samsung Galaxy Store. ...omitted... --> How to track your sleep automatically on Samsung Health?
Sleep tracking feature on Samsung Health app is available on wearable devices and smartphones.
If you are not using a wearable device, you can check your estimated sleep time on your smartphone after you wake up and log that time as your sleep time.
However, in order to measure vital signs other than sleep time, you need to connect supported wearable devices such as Galaxy Watch to Samsung Health app. ...omitted... --> What is Energy Score on Samsung Health?
Energy Score is an index that can help show your current physical and mental readiness by analyzing yesterday's physical activities and sleep patterns.
Keep track of your Energy Score and to help develop better health and sleep habits to wake up ready to take on the day. ...omitted... --> How to detect signs of obstructive sleep apnea?
Open Samsung Health Monitor app on your paired smartphone and select sleep apnea at the bottom of the screen.
Tap the Sleep apnea toggle button to activate monitoring.
Make sure your Samsung Galaxy Watch fits snugly on your wrist before going to bed.
Overnight, it will look for signs of sleep apnea and let you know if there are any detections.
Sleep apnea risk detection feature is supported on Galaxy Watch4 series and later released Samsung Galaxy Watch models (excluding Galaxy Fit) with Wear OS 5.0 or later, and supported on Android smartphones (Android 12 or above). ...omitted... --> How does Samsung Health track the number of steps?
Samsung Health tracks the number of steps using the built-in acceleration sensor within your Samsung Galaxy device that detects movement, generating data to calculate your steps.
It also measures your traveled distance based on your step count and stride length. ...omitted... --> How do I track my exercise on Samsung Health?
You can track your exercise on Samsung Health app or Samsung Galaxy Watch.
Access the exercise tracking feature and select the workout.
Press the start button to start recording.
With Galaxy Ring, you can track walking, running and active workouts.
Galaxy Fit3 can track walking, running, swimming, elliptical, rowing and active workouts.
Galaxy Watch can track walking, running, outdoor cycling, swimming, elliptical, rowing and active workouts.
Depending on the wearable device, the type of vital signs that are logged may be different. ...omitted... --> What is AGEs index?
AGEs (Advanced Glycation End-products) index is an indicator of biological age and is highly affected by dietary and lifestyle habits.
Have the supported Galaxy Watch on while you sleep to help measure your AGEs index.
You can see the comparison of your data and the average statistics of your age group.
AGEs is a compound that is naturally created in the body when protein molecules and fat molecules oxydize because of sugar molecules.
As you age, the more it accumulates in your system.
Dietary and lifestyle habits can affect how fast AGEs pile up.
For example, a diet that includes a lot of sugar can make AGEs build up faster.
According to recent studies, high AGEs index can speed up aging and can cause chronic diseases. ...omitted... --> How can I measure my blood pressure?
Open Samsung Health Monitor app on your Samsung Galaxy Watch and select Blood pressure to start the measurement.
For the initial blood pressure reading, you need a blood pressure cuff to calibrate your Galaxy Watch.
Blood pressure cuff must be purchased separately. ...omitted... --> How can I check my heart rate on Samsung Health?
You can monitor your estimated heart rate in real-time with Galaxy Watch, Ring or Fit which supports Samsung Health Monitor app.
View your records and keep track of your readings. ...omitted... --> How can I take an ECG test?
You can take ECG tests with Galaxy Watch that supports Samsung Health Monitor app and to help check for possible signs of atrial fibrillation.
In select countries or regions, you can receive alerts that can help notify you to take an ECG test when signs of irregular heart rhythm are detected while Galaxy Watch is on your wrist.
ECG test feature is supported on Galaxy Watch4 series and later released Samsung Galaxy Watch models (excluding Galaxy Fit) with Wear OS 5.0 or later, and supported on Android smartphones (Android 12 or above).
Availability may vary by country or region. ...omitted... --> How can I connect accessories to Samsung Health?
Connecting accessories to Samsung Health is easy.
To begin, open the Samsung Health app and tap 'More options'.
Select 'Settings', tap 'Accessories' and verify that your device is ready to pair.
A list of device categories will appear.
Search then select your device.
If your accessory is not listed, tap 'Scan for accessories'.
Once your accessory appears in the menu, select it and follow the prompts to finish the setup process.
Now, your device is registered and ready to record your fitness data. ...omitted... --> What is Samsung Health?
Samsung Health is a comprehensive health and fitness platform, intended for general wellness purposes.
It helps track your activity, sleep, diet and stress levels, and provides personalized insights to help you achieve your wellness goals. ...omitted... --> Is Samsung Health app available for free?
Yes, Samsung Health app can be downloaded for free on the Google Play Store.
You can download it on smartphones from different manufacturers, such as other Android smartphones, Google phones and iPhones.
Availability of certain services may vary depending on the OS and device model. ...omitted... --> How to download Samsung Health Monitor app?
To help monitor advanced vital signs such as ECG and moderate to severe sleep apnea, you need to install Samsung Health Monitor app on your Samsung Galaxy smartphone.
After pairing your Galaxy Watch with your Samsung Galaxy smartphone, access ECG or sleep apnea risk detection feature on your Galaxy Watch.
Your smartphone will start downloading Samsung Health Monitor app from Samsung Galaxy Store. ...omitted... --> How to track your sleep automatically on Samsung Health?
Sleep tracking feature on Samsung Health app is available on wearable devices and smartphones.
If you are not using a wearable device, you can check your estimated sleep time on your smartphone after you wake up and log that time as your sleep time.
However, in order to measure vital signs other than sleep time, you need to connect supported wearable devices such as Galaxy Watch to Samsung Health app. ...omitted... --> What is Energy Score on Samsung Health?
Energy Score is an index that can help show your current physical and mental readiness by analyzing yesterday's physical activities and sleep patterns.
Keep track of your Energy Score and to help develop better health and sleep habits to wake up ready to take on the day. ...omitted... --> How to detect signs of obstructive sleep apnea?
Open Samsung Health Monitor app on your paired smartphone and select sleep apnea at the bottom of the screen.
Tap the Sleep apnea toggle button to activate monitoring.
Make sure your Samsung Galaxy Watch fits snugly on your wrist before going to bed.
Overnight, it will look for signs of sleep apnea and let you know if there are any detections.
Sleep apnea risk detection feature is supported on Galaxy Watch4 series and later released Samsung Galaxy Watch models (excluding Galaxy Fit) with Wear OS 5.0 or later, and supported on Android smartphones (Android 12 or above). ...omitted... --> How does Samsung Health track the number of steps?
Samsung Health tracks the number of steps using the built-in acceleration sensor within your Samsung Galaxy device that detects movement, generating data to calculate your steps.
It also measures your traveled distance based on your step count and stride length. ...omitted... --> How do I track my exercise on Samsung Health?
You can track your exercise on Samsung Health app or Samsung Galaxy Watch.
Access the exercise tracking feature and select the workout.
Press the start button to start recording.
With Galaxy Ring, you can track walking, running and active workouts.
Galaxy Fit3 can track walking, running, swimming, elliptical, rowing and active workouts.
Galaxy Watch can track walking, running, outdoor cycling, swimming, elliptical, rowing and active workouts.
Depending on the wearable device, the type of vital signs that are logged may be different. ...omitted... --> What is AGEs index?
AGEs (Advanced Glycation End-products) index is an indicator of biological age and is highly affected by dietary and lifestyle habits.
Have the supported Galaxy Watch on while you sleep to help measure your AGEs index.
You can see the comparison of your data and the average statistics of your age group.
AGEs is a compound that is naturally created in the body when protein molecules and fat molecules oxydize because of sugar molecules.
As you age, the more it accumulates in your system.
Dietary and lifestyle habits can affect how fast AGEs pile up.
For example, a diet that includes a lot of sugar can make AGEs build up faster.
According to recent studies, high AGEs index can speed up aging and can cause chronic diseases. ...omitted... --> How can I measure my blood pressure?
Open Samsung Health Monitor app on your Samsung Galaxy Watch and select Blood pressure to start the measurement.
For the initial blood pressure reading, you need a blood pressure cuff to calibrate your Galaxy Watch.
Blood pressure cuff must be purchased separately. ...omitted... --> How can I check my heart rate on Samsung Health?
You can monitor your estimated heart rate in real-time with Galaxy Watch, Ring or Fit which supports Samsung Health Monitor app.
View your records and keep track of your readings. ...omitted... --> How can I take an ECG test?
You can take ECG tests with Galaxy Watch that supports Samsung Health Monitor app and to help check for possible signs of atrial fibrillation.
In select countries or regions, you can receive alerts that can help notify you to take an ECG test when signs of irregular heart rhythm are detected while Galaxy Watch is on your wrist.
ECG test feature is supported on Galaxy Watch4 series and later released Samsung Galaxy Watch models (excluding Galaxy Fit) with Wear OS 5.0 or later, and supported on Android smartphones (Android 12 or above).
Availability may vary by country or region. ...omitted... --> How can I connect accessories to Samsung Health?
Connecting accessories to Samsung Health is easy.
To begin, open the Samsung Health app and tap 'More options'.
Select 'Settings', tap 'Accessories' and verify that your device is ready to pair.
A list of device categories will appear.
Search then select your device.
If your accessory is not listed, tap 'Scan for accessories'.
Once your accessory appears in the menu, select it and follow the prompts to finish the setup process.
Now, your device is registered and ready to record your fitness data. ...omitted... --> Instructions for Use: IFU Find out more detailed information about supported health-related features in your country.
Learn more 1 The Heart Health Score software functions are not intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease. 2 Requires a compatible Samsung Galaxy phone, Samsung Health app and Samsung account.
Requires initial setup wearing watch for 24 hours (including awake and asleep). 3 The Vitals software functions are not intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease.
Requires a compatible Samsung Galaxy phone, Samsung Health app and Samsung account.
Requires initial setup wearing watch for 7 out of 28 nights. 4 Requires initial setup with compatible Android phone, Samsung account and Samsung Health app.
Premium content (optional) powered by iFit requires paid subscription. 5 Requires a compatible Android smartphone.
Must select map from Samsung Health App or upload compatible GPX file. 6 Requires initial setup in Samsung Health app, a compatible phone and Samsung account. 7 Available for outdoor running only; requires at least 12 minutes of running with GPS on and initial setup.
Galaxy AI features track data and require compatible Samsung Galaxy phone, Samsung Health app and Samsung account. 8 Requires a compatible cycling sensor (sold separately) with dual-band Bluetooth and ANT+ connectivity; compatible sensors include Power Meters, Speed Sensors and Cadence Sensors (excludes Smart Trainers).
Requires a compatible Android smartphone, Samsung Health app and Samsung account. 9 Consistent with 10ATM water- resistance classification (up to 100m of fresh water for up to 10 minutes) and IP68 rating (up to 6 feet of water for up to 30 minutes).
Rinse residue / dry after wet. 10 Auto Workout Detection automatically tracks walking, running, elliptical, rowing machine, swimming and dynamic workouts.
Requires compatible smartphone and the Samsung Health app. 11 Requires a compatible Samsung Galaxy phone, Samsung Health app and Samsung account.
Some features require initial setup process. 12 Must wear watch for 3 consecutive nights and set optimal wake up time in the Samsung Health app. 13 Sleep Coaching requires sleep data of at least 7 days, including at least 1 workday and 1 day off.
Requires Samsung Health application version 6.24 or later. 14 Galaxy AI features track data and require a compatible wearable device (sold separately), Samsung Health app and Samsung account. 15 The Samsung Sleep Apnea Feature is regulated by the U.S.
FDA as a medical device.
It is intended to provide a notification of the risk of sleep apnea in users who have not been previously diagnosed.
Consult your physician if you have any questions. 16 Not intended for medical use. 17 Advanced Glycation End-products(AGEs) requires Samsung Account login and Samsung Health app 6.27 or later.
Available on devices with Android OS 10 (Q OS) or later.
AGEs is supported in Samsung Galaxy Watch7 and later released Samsung Galaxy Watch models only.
Not intended for use in detection, diagnosis, treatment of any medical condition.
AGEs index is for your personal reference only.
Please consult a medical professional for advice. 18 The Samsung BIA is a body analyzer that uses bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) technology to track body composition based on weight, body fat, body mass index (BMI), skeletal muscle, body water, and basal metabolic rate (BMR) measurements.
It is not intended to specifically diagnose or treat a medical condition. 19 Requires initial and periodic calibrations every 28 days using a third-party blood pressure cuff, sold separately.
Read and follow instructions to calibrate the blood pressure function.
Compatible with Android 12 or later, Watch/Wear OS 4.0. 20 The software features shown are not intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease.
Requires initial and periodic calibrations every 28 days using a third-party blood pressure cuff, sold separately.
Read and follow instructions to calibrate the blood pressure function.
Compatible with Android 12 or later, Watch/Wear OS 4.0. 21 The ECG Monitor App intended for adults 22 years and older analyzes pulse rate data to identify episodes of irregular heart rhythms suggestive of AFib and provides a notification suggesting the user record an ECG to analyze the heart rhythm.
The IHRN feature is not intended to provide a notification on every episode of irregular rhythm suggestive of AFib and the absence of a notification is not intended to indicate no disease process is present; rather the feature is intended to opportunistically acquire pulse rate data when the user is still and analyze the data when determined sufficient toward surfacing a notification.
The ECG Monitor App is not intended to replace traditional methods of diagnosis or treatment.
The ECG app is not intended for users with known arrhythmias other than AFib or users under 22 years old.
Users should not interpret or take clinical action based on the device output without consultation of a qualified healthcare professional. 22 Samsung Health Medications feature is intended to help users manage their medication list and schedule.
Information provided is evidence-based content licensed from Elsevier, a global leader in information and analytics.
Requires smartphone with Android 8.0 or later and Samsung Health app version 6.26 or later.
Availability for the features may vary by device. 23 Cycle Tracking is available for tracking a user's menstruation cycle.
NOT INTENDED FOR CONTRACEPTION.
If you are currently taking hormonal birth control or undergoing hormonal treatment that inhibits ovulation, this service will not be useful for tracking ovulation.
Cycle Tracking results may be impacted by Watch usage (recommendation: 4 hours during sleep, 5 times a week), input data and environmental conditions (such as illness, medications, traveling and disruptions to users' daily routine).
If you are taking medication, consult your doctor to learn how it may impact your body temperature.
Do not interpret or take clinical action based on the predictions made without consultation of a qualified healthcare professional.
This feature is not intended for users under 18 years of age. 24 All participants must have the latest version of the Samsung Health app, downloadable via Galaxy Store and/or Google Play Store. 25 Samsung Health Records provides a gateway 