 Samsung Expands Availability of Latest Wearable Experiences to More Users – Samsung Global Newsroom skip to content Corporate People & Culture Technology Design More Stories Products Mobile TV/Display & AV Home Appliances Semiconductor More Products Social Impact CSR Environment Sustainability Press Resources Press Releases Video News Media Library Statements Fast Facts Search open Nation choice page link Menu open Title+Body Title+Body Tag Images X Search Suggestions Galaxy Z Series Galaxy S26 Series Milan Design Week The First Look 2026 AI Bespoke SmartThings One UI Samsung Art Store Custom range Any time Past week Past month Past year Custom range Category All Corporate Products Social Impact Content Type All Article Press Release Worldwide Search close Samsung Expands Availability of Latest Wearable Experiences to More Users on November 19, 2024 AUDIO Play Download Share open Print One UI 6 Watch will soon be available to a wider range of Galaxy Watch devices through the latest software update. 1 Beginning to roll out today, the update will bring select features from the Galaxy Watch Ultra and Galaxy Watch7 2 to previous generations of Galaxy Watch around the world including Galaxy Watch6, Galaxy Watch6 Classic, Galaxy Watch5, Galaxy Watch5 Pro, Galaxy Watch4, Galaxy Watch4 Classic and Galaxy Watch FE.
The One UI 6 Watch update offers personalized insights to even more users for a holistic and comprehensive understanding of health. 3 With Energy Score , users can better understand their physical and mental conditions through an intuitive score calculated from various health metrics including sleep, activity, sleeping heart rate and sleeping heart rate variability.
Users can also access personalized recommendations, powered by Galaxy AI, 4 to support health improvement.
For sleep tracking, receive a deeper and more accurate understanding of sleep with a detailed analysis powered by an advanced AI algorithm and new sleep metrics, including movement during sleep, sleep latency, heart rate and respiratory rate .
Additionally, the De Novo FDA-authorized Sleep Apnea feature is now available on a wider range of Galaxy Watch devices, helping more users proactively spot potential signs of moderate to severe sleep apnea.
The expansion of One UI 6 Watch empowers more users to stay motivated and conquer their fitness goals with personalized experiences.
Monitor progress in real time when running or cycling with Race , which compares changes in current and past performance to encourage users to make improvements.
Workout Routine allows users to combine various exercises and create personalized routines, uniquely tailored to their individual goals and preferences.
Furthermore, the latest update provides new watch faces to best suit various needs or preferences that are both stylish and functional.
For instance, use the Simple Digital watch face to reflect a minimalist design, or the Ultra Info Board watch face to check information at a glance without sacrificing style.
The expansion of One UI 6 Watch also allows users to enjoy more seamless experiences with connected Galaxy devices.
When paired with a compatible Galaxy smartphone, users can effortlessly send suitable responses with AI-powered Suggested replies .
With simple and intuitive Double Pinch Gestures , a connected Galaxy smartphone can be easily controlled right from the wrist to answer calls, dismiss alarms, take photos and even more. 1 The software update will come first to the Galaxy Watch6 series and then become available sequentially to previous generations.
Feature availability and support may vary by market, carrier, model and paired smartphone. 2 For more information on relevant product features and disclaimers, please click the hyperlink. 3 Intended for general wellness and fitness purposes only.
Not intended for use in the detection, diagnosis, treatment, monitoring or management of any medical condition or disease.
Any health-related information accessed through the device and/or application should not be treated as medical advice.
Users should seek any medical advice from a physician.
Certain features may vary by market, carrier or paired device. 4 Samsung does not make any promises, assurances or guarantees as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of the output provided by AI features.
Samsung account login may be required to use certain Samsung AI features.
Galaxy AI service may be limited for minors in certain regions with age restrictions over AI usage.
Galaxy AI features will be provided for free until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices.
Different terms may apply for AI features provided by third parties.
Energy Score Galaxy AI One UI Watch One UI Watch 6 Sleep Apnea Feature Software Update Wearable Products Mobile For any issues related to customer service, please go to Customer Support page for assistance.
For media inquiries, please click Media Contact to move to the form.
Related Articles Samsung One UI 6.1.1 Expands Latest Galaxy AI Features to Even More Users Around the World September 5, 2024 Press Release Samsung’s Expanded Wearables Portfolio Unlocks Intelligent Health Experiences for All July 10, 2024 Press Release First Galaxy Watch FE Empowers Even More Users With Samsung’s Advanced Health Monitoring Technology June 13, 2024 Press Release [Interview] The Future of Healthcare Fits on Your Wrist April 25, 2024 slide prev slide next More on Latest Download No files found Copy text Copied to clipboard Share Close X Facebook LinkedIn Tumblr e-mail WhatsApp Copy link top Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy and Cookies Media Contact SAMSUNG.COM Copyright© SAMSUNG All Rights Reserved.
Start date End date Cancel OK Sitemap Close Corporate People & Culture Technology Design More Stories Products Mobile TV/Display & AV Home Appliances Semiconductor More Products Social Impact CSR Environment Sustainability Press Resources Press Releases Video News Media Library Statements Fast Facts 